P3 message update (#1084)
Macrometacorp/docs: docs/photoniq/p3/index.md

title: PhotonIQ Performance Proxy (P3)
---

> PhotonIQ Performance Proxy (P3) is an AI-driven platform specifically crafted for enterprises focused on optimizing their website performance. P3 uses ML page validation and an AI-native foundation to reorganize and optimizes your CSS and JavaScript. This ensures accelerated load times and a seamless user experience, especially critical for technical website teams dealing with complex site structures.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PhotonIQ Performance Proxy (P3) is an AI-driven platform specifically crafted for enterprises focused on optimizing their website performance. P3 uses ML page validation and an AI-native foundation to reorganize and optimizes your CSS and JavaScript. This ensures accelerated load times, lower bounce rates, and a seamless user experience, which results in a higher conversion rate.
```
